At the end of this course,
you'll tackle a project that brings together all the skills and
information we'll cover together in our six lessons.
The project brings you back to the flying car app,
Fiverr, that you launched in course 1.
Now Fiverr has been live for six months which
means you have lots of data to look at to find areas for improvement.
Data product managers spend their days reviewing
live user data and looking for ways to leverage
user data to improve a product and its performance in
pursuit of improving key performance indicators or KPIs.
You will do the same for this product.
First, laying out the KPIs that should define Fiverr success before
diving into quantitative and qualitative data on the Fiverr flight booking experience.
You'll also evaluate the results of a multi-variate experiment and then,
based on the data, propose an experiment to
test your own hypothesis for how to improve the app.